Test 1, 2, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10.
I'm Caroline Filovich.
I'm the visiting campus librarian.
How do you spell your lesson?
S-Z-Y.
S-Z?
Yes.
Y-L-O-W-I-C-E.
Okay.
And visiting campus librarian.
So this is a whole division, a department here?
Well, it's a unit that depends on the mother of the campus library.
And how many items did he acquire over the years?
Yes.
In terms of books about Proust, he had about 2,000 volumes here.
And these are books that he acquired?
Well, or that he made the library acquire.
That he or the library.
Some of these books are his personal belongings and some belongs to the library.
Again, because Proust never dated his letters, he might put in Wednesday... Wednesday night, or... Did his handwriting change over the years?
Was he able to... Yeah.
So, as a young man, Proust was... Now then, he had very careful... He must have been.
What a job that must have been, just to try and sort this out.
I mean, obviously, he had to figure it out from context, I guess, what was going on.
Well, this is the whole idea behind the index cards.
He kept all kinds of information on his index cards, by category, by names of people.
by titles of works, by places.
There's a chronological file.
Well, all kinds of things that happened, both in Cruz's life and in other people's lives.
Are these basically his files?
No, those are actually microfilms with the newspapers of the period.
I see.
These are his files.
Yes, this is part of the chronology of all the events that happened during Cruz's life.
And did he have someone type these for him?
Well, he needed a computer.
Although, yeah, he did.
Well, that's interesting that you said that because that is the whole point of this project that we have now is a couple of professors decided he's got this thing with these index cards that's essentially a database on paper.
And why don't we put it on the computer and not just on the computer here but on the internet so that anybody in the world can actually
sort of come here and search through these documents.
And search his database.
Right, right.
So that's what you're doing.
That's what we're doing.
How many cards approximately would you say you have?
We estimated about 40,000.
40,000 cards.
I didn't get your name for the machine.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm Patrick Reidenbaugh.
You have to spell your last name.
It's R-E-I-V-E-N-B-A-U-G-H.
I'm a visiting research associate this year at the university.
So you're a student?
Well, I was a student, but now I've graduated, so now I'm not a tenured faculty member, so I'm visiting, you know, visiting research.
So you're working on the collection?
Yeah, this is my job here.
So you're putting on the Internet the database, this early database, before we even had that phrase.
And also, are you scanning the letters as well?
Are you making the letters?
We would like to do that.
First, we would like to have the text of the letters digitized as well, because it's the source of all its files.
And then also, we would like to scan at least the letters we have in the record.
So you're going to scan the contents of those volumes then?
Is that what I...?
Well, actually, we're thinking that
Probably with the present state of scanning technology and the quality of the volumes, it's actually... We need to, yeah.
Well, someone would actually have to type, retype 21 volumes.
There are overseas companies that do that.
Too bad they don't have any disks.
Right, right.
They don't, apparently.
The publisher.
so really what's going online then is basically his is the professor's data we're starting with his his notes right and then we would like to have the letters themselves obviously because that's what everything relates to but we haven't started that part yet
And what is the microfilm?
Are these the letters that he... No, the microfilms are all the newspapers that proofs to read the nature of newspapers of the South, so he has been forwarded at 1888 to 1922 when he died.
I'm going to ask you to do one thing for me.
We were reading from where he talked about the tapestry.
Oh, did you think this was the...
Just a little bit, just to tell me a little bit.
We'll translate it together.
Where is it?
And this is what we call the avant-propos.
Forward.
Okay, forward.
And this is to the volume one.
And so what she's telling you here, the letters of Marcel Proust.
If compared to Proust's novels,
You can do it very loosely.
It doesn't have to be a direct thread.
You can't really say the letters resemble him.
You don't have to do toots too literally.
Oh, maybe reflect something.
Reflect him.
in the same way that the reverse side of a tapestry resembles the front.
And what does he mean by that?
Well, all that
Okay, so after, does he explain?
Yes.
You can distinguish all the threads, all the colors.
That's good.
What's missing is... So what's missing is the clearness of the pattern, because when you're looking at the back, right?
It's a good translation of mine.
It's saying in the letters of Proust where you find everything that you put in his work, but in less poetic ways.
How many letters again?
Did you tell me?
About 5,000 are published.
But the rare book room here at the University of Illinois that has... 700 original letters.
Well, the library requires a direction of Keith Goldberg.
Right.
On his incentive, I guess.
So, out here in the middle of Illinois, we have a major archive of French literature.
We're guessing that we have as many, or perhaps more, than the Bibliotech National.
I doubt they'd let these letters out of France now.
Oh, they do.
They do?
Yeah.
They still do?
Well, yeah, the libraries require them.
If you can afford them.
Pay them, yes.
And we know there are still many unproduced.
Colt, of course, got them in large groups when they were not so expensive years ago.
The first major set of letters used from the print, letters of proofs to the print Bibesco, one of the good friends.
That's about 220 letters.
Wow.
That's the library required for $5,000 that was in 1951 or 52.
Nowadays, one letter costs more than $5,000.
And who were they written to?
They were written to him?
Prince Antoine Bibesco.
Prince?
Prince Bibesco.
B-I-B-E-S-E-O.
That's it.
This is great.
Oh, we have a website.
Okay, yeah.
Yeah, you might want to look at that because that's sort of the heart of the project.
But I guess we don't have time for it today.
I can do it at home.
At the moment, we have a collection of 1,327 bibliographic entries that you can consult on the Internet.
But soon, we're going to put on a selection from the chronological file of Proust's life.
We'll probably put on initially about $2,000.
You're going to put on a little biographical blurb about Professor Cole?
Oh, it's all there.
So everything I need is there.
Well, you can spend, if you read all the documents on the website, you can probably spend a couple hours.
Oh, that's fine.
Yeah.
Great.
All right.
Yeah, good.
Thanks a lot.
Thank you very much.
Great.
Next one.
See you later.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Oh, I love facts.
I've got to give you something to say.
Let's start again.
We're talking to, let's get your name.
And the clarity is better than the bigger ones.
So your name, full name, how do you like to see it in print?
I guess you know it.
Okay.
My name is Beth Sandor.
Beth Sandor.
Is it Elizabeth or Beth?
Beth.
Beth Sandor and I'm the coordinator for the digital imaging initiative in the university library.
And the goal of the Digital Imaging Initiative has been to work with library collections and faculty and the user community to provide broader access to visual information and to .
Am I registering?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
This is fine, I guess.
So really our goal of the image initiative is twofold, to provide broader access to fragile and underutilized visual information, and in cases where it is appropriate, to use digitizing as a means of preserving information that can't be preserved in other ways.
And I can give you a pretty good statement.
Okay, and I'd like one.
Okay.
The reliability of preserving digital material is under question.
It is.
It is under question.
It's very clear that digital images are widely used by the Internet community, and the Internet community is growing.
However, standards and file formats
and digitizing procedures, especially for visual information, are not well explored and they simply are not standardized.
Things are too fluid right now with the technology, the standards, and our understanding of how all those things need to come together so that we can capture something that's fragile once
at a very high resolution and not disturb it again to do the same kind of process.
Say in five years when we have these marvelous flat panel HDTV quality displays and we realize that the image that we captured five years ago just isn't good enough to display.
So yes, things are fluid.
That's why we concentrate on access.
And we do have one project where we're working with a collection of aerial photography, which documents the land use history of the state of Illinois from the 30s through the 90s.
That collection had a set of archival on the hill
However, they were unstable filling from the area, and they were systematically destroyed in the 80s because they were combustion.
Where was it?
Here in the background.
But this was fairly common.
How many fillings were these?
Well, the collection has over 60,000 aerial photographs
that span a period from 1930s to the mid-50s.
And that's part of the collection that we're working on.
Because for that group of 60,000-odd photographers, the archival film negatives had to be destroyed because they were an unstable film media.
All we have is the paper photographs.
So you think you still have the original photos?
We have the photos.
But these photos are used on the average of 2,000 times a month.
by people who want to analyze land use for various purposes, engineering and surveying some of them.
You mean the art, the art photo itself?
No, the photo itself is used.
So we started to digitize the photo,
Because what we found through experimentation is if you take a picture of that picture, you've already lost 10% of the quality, the visual quality of the picture that you're looking at.
So we worked with a corporate partner, a scanning and graphics company in town.
Their name is Scantex Color Systems.
We worked with this company for a period of at least a year to develop the best approach to digitizing, scanning these photographs, and capturing the optimal amount of information from the photograph without making it a cost-prohibitive scanning activity.
So we're in the process of requesting funding to digitize all 60,000 languages.
We digitized about 300 and we have support from the Illinois State Library to digitize several hundred more.
We have also, in addition to that, and this is something that I'm thinking about in preparing for your visit today, one of the important parts, components of digitizing is access, organizing or arranging access.
I always use the example of the pictures in a shoebox.
Once you get more than a couple hundred, you've got to have a way of organizing and that's got to remain consistent no matter what types of materials you digitize or what topics you're working on.
500 people who want to use that image, but they might all be looking for it in different ways.
So the methods of describing that image need to be made consistent, and the systems that we developed to provide access to those images need to speak to a member of different types of users who might be community-dazing.
So one of the things that we worked on with the aerial photographs was
These pictures are not part of our collection, but they're pretty nice.
Is this the Getty site or is this the other site?
This is our site, and I'll get to this in just a second.
What we've done with the aerial photograph project, as you'll see with a couple of projects we've done, is to digitize the images.
work out standardized ways of indexing or describing them and build interfaces and retrieval mechanisms that will allow people to get to have those images by either searching for a keyword or an artist or a creator.
or maybe a state or a country where that was created.
We think that it's equally important to work on the methods of access as well as the methods of scanning.
So I should show you a few.
Okay, great.
These won't go down on tape.
The other thing I thought of while I was thinking about this was if there's a passage in a book written by A.S.
Byatt, Possession and Romance, and this is early on in the book when the Haggai, I can't remember his name,
finds the letter, finds Ash's letter in one of Ash's books.
And there's a whole passage where he describes sitting in the reading room where he is and the smell and the touch and the feel and the look of the work that he's using and just this sense of wonder that he's looking at both of them
the poet's actual notes, and then he discovers this letter.
Fold it up.
Nobody's ever discovered it.
It's not inventory in the collection.
All of a sudden, it's here.
And that's the one thing that
Digitizing can't recreate that experience of discovering something, being in a whole environment.
I think we're at least a few years old.
But I thought about that a lot because many people get quite enamored of technology and we focus on the point that what it does is it helps you provide greater access to things.
It doesn't recreate the whole atmosphere
of holding or looking at the original image just so i can get back and get this at home right you can yeah in fact i've got an info sheet for you that describes our project this is a project that we developed in conjunction with the getty information institute and several local historical societies and their university archives
We wanted to start working on putting together virtual collections of materials that are physically in different collections, but treat similar topics and themes.
So we did... Oh, make one synergistic kind of a collection?
Right.
Available at one site, but drawn from... Drawn from different physical applications.
So we worked with the University Archives,
the Champaign County Historical Archives, and another special collection in the Communications Library of Magazine Tearsheet Ads.
And we digitized about 300 images from those collections that dealt with the past 50 years of history in Champaign County.
And we used the framework to put these together based on a book written by Fernand Browdell, The Structures of Everyday Life.
And you can see that these categories don't correspond completely to Browdell's categories because Browdell was writing a little bit earlier than we started thinking about it.
But we wanted to have a database that was visually navigable, where someone could look at visual cues and get an idea that they wanted to find things about communication, and communication might mean any of these kinds of things, and if they wanted to narrow that by a particular time period, they could even do that.
We wanted to make this database easy to get into, easy to search.
This is a poster that was created in the 70s, right after Kemp State.
And this was a protest.
a protest against the development of one of the ILLIAC series computers on campus.
ALBA had fun at the university to develop this computer and there was so much unrest on campus that they moved the construction of the computer.
I think that's where they found it.
This is one of the posters that I think it was advertising.
What's ILLIAC an acronym for?
You have a money or something.
So from that standpoint,
It's a nice part.
But then you have things under the same category that dealt with strikes.
You also find the online farmer strike.
Where were the images drawn from?
These were drawn from, some were from the county historical archives.
Yeah, we give credits right there.
And this is a nice picture of the farmer strike in 1979.
And these tractors actually drove all the way to Washington.
It must have been coal too, that was in January.
so in a sense we wanted to put together this type of database to get a better idea of what it would take to bring together different kinds of cultural heritage institutions different ways of describing information because we each have our own you know the library used the mark format museum's interesting and varied format archive used version of the mark format and phone name
And as we move into the electronic image, those kinds of approaches to description are moving into electronic format.
Now you mentioned earlier using digital procedures as a preservation tool.
Right.
And let me just give you a look at our aerial photograph archive.
This is, as I mentioned before, a pilot project, and what we did was
We took about 300 images from Will County, which is just the west of Chicago.
We digitized them in conjunction with Scantec, our partner.
We hand-indexed them, and then we
worked with GIS service on campus to spatially anchor them to the earth.
So, for instance, if I'm looking at an aerial photograph over Joliet, Illinois, that photograph is actually anchored in geographic space, so I know exactly where that would sit on that.
And we wanted to blend our hand indexing with the geospatial indexing information so that when I search the Joliet quadrangle for Joliet municipal airport, I can pull a photogram of that area.
I can see that I didn't find any photo that contained everything I asked for.
But I can see that I found lots of photos that contain at least one of the things I have.
And then I can see a low-resolution image of that photo and the text.
But why are people using these photos?
What's the use?
Well, it runs all the way from personal use.
Let's say Farmer Jones wants to see what his land looks like 50 years ago, or Farmer Jones' granddaughter would like to see what the land looks like.
There might be somebody who's going to buy a piece of land who wants to determine whether there had been any hazardous waste dumping on it over the history of it.
Very important photos.
Absolutely.
You can trace erosion.
And prior to this, they had a care.
They had to come down here to the map and geography library.
They had to get some visual sense by looking at a large composite map of where they wanted to look.
And then they had to write down that information for the librarian who pulled the individual photos.
And now if you get this whole archive online, you can access it anywhere.
Yes.
In fact, the thing that you couldn't do, you cannot now do by hand in the map and geography library, what you can do online is to say, show me all photographs that have airports across the state of Illinois.
When we have everything digitized, you'll be able to do that.
So in a sense what we're doing in addition to the digitizing is increasing the availability of access.
So Dr. Graham, nice to meet you.
Now you go to Cornell and they
Of course, they're using digitization as a scanning technique.
They will take some old 19th century books that are out of copyright, so they can't be more recent than they get from.
They make a copy.
They also make a hard copy, but they may not always do that, but then they get rid of it.
I won't even use the word the exception, they sent out to the landfill that book which has been stripped and sliced and diced and that's history.
Now there's a problem, of course, we talk about the migration of the
Do you keep everything in the original?
At this point, yes, because our objective has been to capture high-fidelity digital images one time and not go back and disturb the original, and to be able to capture without destroying the original.
Books are a slightly different story because they have to unbind and then in order to store one of them.
We freed them from their finding.
But our work is slightly different because we're focusing mainly on visual information.
But that issue has come up a couple of times.
We have, fortunately, digital technologies are developing so that, for instance, if I don't want to bend the binding of a book, if it fits it too tight,
then I can use a digital camera with a special corrective lens to photograph that, as opposed to flipping it over and slapping it on a flatbed area.
So our goal is not to destroy the original, but I don't think anyone would promise that they wouldn't destroy the original.
However, with visual information, it's a little bit more of a concern.
But before you go, I'll show you one more thing and then I'll let you off.
But I do want to show you a project that we did with a scholar who works with German and one book.
This was a really fun project.
This will tell me how to get to all of these.
Yeah, it'll tell you how to get to our main site.
And all of these are freely accessible.
One database that we often from a group of museums.
We had to use...isn't that amazing?
And this is a low resolution image.
But here we had... Yeah, this was exactly why we wanted to capture as much as possible in color, even though most people can't think of it.
It's a 500-year-old book.
And of course no one's going to disturb that.
No.
But what we've done here is, we used two pictures.
In some cases, these books were robust enough to be on a plastic skin.
because their bindings were not as tight.
But in other cases, you were working with a four inch by six inch book with a really tight binding that was 400 pages thick.
So we used a digital camera to capture some of those images.
And visual camera technology is getting better and better.
And this equipment that you have here is outsourced as a company in town?
We do some of the work in-house and some of the work we ask for.
We are not yet a production facility.
We wanted to focus first on a floratory project so we have a breadth of experience with different kinds of materials.
pretty much where where it's left so that's the 17th century you haven't had any cumulus that you've been around to or not yet i mean barbara and i are working on this idea we were really pleased right now we have about 20 of these up this was a pilot project the whole book or just the uh these are the emblems from the book
So textual content is quite irrelevant to the graphic side?
We've taken the graphic side, but sometimes you'll find with emeralds there's text.
and the scholar that's been working on this has done her own brand of indexing and we're committed to helping to put this up with the pictures and then crosswalking it into a bit more standard format that is retrievable alongside some of the other questions.
Can you give a card in case I want to get the cards with you over your mic code?
I do love email, by the way.
I do, too.
You know what?
I don't have a card front.
I have a writing in my notebook.
And I can have an email on here.
Okay.
It's a small world.
The book world is there.
I am doing something like this.
I'm going to take it from himself.
I'm going to take it from him.
I was doing a circle.
Thanks a lot.
Okay, good.
Thank you.
Oh
It's an important, you know, work.
You get a good variety of people coming here, too, because we have so many different opportunities.
Yeah, it's always good to have it.
It's a working kit for you that we don't forget about it.
It's very embarrassing when I get it correctly.
I work on the library .
I'm in front of the project .
Um, the New York Times, I think, is that there are so many families that enter into the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of
... ... ... ... ... ...
What are you working on?
Oh.
Amen.
This is your first visit to campus, I gather, from the interview I think about.
From the radio, yeah.
I don't know if you know that you obviously all know, but all of your calls, I was fascinated by everybody, all of your calls were from a little outline of time.
Yeah.
In Indiana.
Yeah, in Indiana.
The question was this.
Yeah, well, then the war, which is this kind of thing.
Right.
Some of them.
You said that the thing is right after, you know, we had 20 calls.
That's a different one.
Yeah.
And what they were trying to do is all from Aurora.
And so when I heard it, they followed from Aurora.
Okay.
Spending your entire life.
It's exciting in the 1930s.
It's one of these priests.
One of the next 50 years.
And going over there and telling his widow.
Yes, yes, yes.
I'd love to know what, what's your step, what's your step?
No.
I love a step in any of that.
Not, not an assumption.
Oh, I think it was.
That's a really fine line.
It must have been regarded as one of the three other nuclear scholars.
Oh, absolutely.
In fact, you have been impressed with the nuclear science.
It's very open.
Well, certainly there's a benefit in science to the extent of the nuclear science.
No, they didn't get any money.
I'd like to know what money is going to be funded, and I'm going to come back there.
But they've had some campus money.
There was a program called critical education, if it is funded by Stanford.
That grant is going to be out of green, and I think they're going to hold it up to the public.
What else?
Everything is great.
Well, I am down here, I can write it, and I'm a services coordinator, but I'm really interested in, I was interested in meeting you, because my very special day from the county is usually compulsive, and I'm going to work in it.
I also have an interest in justice.
Ten years ago, I published an article which I'd love to give you.
Well, when you believe me, it's still like a chapel or something like that.
No, no, it's just about the fellow.
No, no, but... Really?
I wish I had the time for when I was getting a book.
No, I mean, I was excited, I think, because it's... You know, books, I mean, you keep books, so it's many... Books, books.
And it's good when you hear a couple of others coming out.
And it's very good when you can find it.
You're a Russian, huh?
Yes, yes.
Did you get to St.
Petersburg?
I haven't been since it became St.
Petersburg.
Since it became St.
Not since it was one of us.
I really want to have a chapter in a new book about emigrate libraries.
Oh, yeah.
A whole lot of that material came over here during Soviet Union.
Oh, absolutely, yeah.
I don't know.
I don't think I'm going to hate you anymore.
Oh, really?
They want the book by the end of the year.
Oh, is it the same publisher?
The same publisher?
Well, I did a nice job with it.
It's the same woman as you put those jackets.
Yeah, absolutely.
So the scope of the new project... It's not collecting at all.
I mean, you can print out your life.
book culture is in my subtitle.
I'm really interested in the whole concept of book culture.
I mean, I don't want to make a book.
I'm really going to study what it is, you know.
So you have all these reported palatine ships.
And I'm really interested in the libraries and the really great speaking of Italy.
I'm going to go to that.
It's amazing.
You're going to get six national libraries.
Really?
We've only got one.
They've only been a country for 120 years.
Does that make sense?
They always collect reserves, you know?
Yeah, sure.
This is also something like 1,100 ecclesiastic libraries.
I have 27,000 books, and that doesn't help with that in my book.
There's a type of reading.
Right.
It's like a great private land.
It's amazing.
But as a book comes to it, it's still to stop that.
It's important to focus on this prior.
So all this stuff is going to be great.
Yeah, everything.
and then just talking about
So I certainly try to define principles in my own.
I can get enough of that.
This is one of my main fields.
Thank you.
I did.
It's busy.
Enjoy.
I love this.
Oh
Oh!
Oh.
I want it down.
Thank you.
Okay, we're going to change back.
We have got .
.
Thank you.
thank you
.
Thank you.
Hello.
Oh, not just one brick.
Thank you.
.
Cowboy had
uh...
So I said, I want to interview this guy.
Thank you.
.
Okay.
Thank you.